
======= Rules of Pyramid Solitaire =======

The goal of the game is to get rid of all the cards in the pyramid. You 
can do this by moving all of the cards from the pyramid to the discard 
pile. You can only move cards to the discard pile if you can create a pair 
of cards that add up to 13 or have a King which already has a value of 13 
(being the highest card). Each cards’ value is based on deck order, so A=1, 
2=2... J=11, Q=12 and K=13. You can only remove cards from the base of the
pyramid, working your way up to the top. You can draw cards from the stock 
and try to pair them with any cards at the base of the pyramid so that they 
add up to 13. Alternatively, you can pair two cards from the base of the 
pyramid instead of pairing with a stock card. 


SYNTAX & COMMANDS

Each card is represented by the value of the card, followed by its suite. 
So, queen of hearts is “QH”. At the base of the pyramid are numbers that 
represent each column that the cards are in. There are several options to 
eliminate cards from the pyramid.

Being a text-based game, you can interface with the game board using 
various commands:

Enter "reset" once the stock is empty
Enter "restart" to restart entire game if you get stuck
Enter "draw" to draw a card from the stock
Enter "move" to move cards from and to the base of the pyramid or the draw pile


GAME PLAY OPTIONS

Option 1: Pair two cards from the base of the pyramid. For example to pair 
          the 3 of hearts in row 5 with the 4 of clubs in row 7, enter the
          command "move" and then the column number for the card(s) you 
          want to use, separated by a space, e.g. "move 5 7", followed by 
          “enter”. 

Option 2: Draw a card from the deck to pair with a card from the pyramid. 
          Enter, “draw” and your card will appear in the “drawn card” pile, 
          to the right of the pyramid. That card can now be used. 
          Otherwise, you may continue to draw from the stock pile until you 
          find a card you can use. Any unused cards cannot be accessed 
          again until you reach the end of the stock pile and press “reset” 
          which will move all the drawn cards back to the stock pile for 
          use so that the game continues.

Option 3: Pair a drawn card with one from the pyramid. Enter: “move drawn” 
          plus the column number you’re pairing it with, e.g.  “move drawn 3”.

Option 4: Move a king (value of 13) directly to discard from the column or 
          drawn pile, enter “3 discard” or “drawn discard”.
